	the long and short of the game is: "fantasy players" (gamblers) submit one or multiple ticket(s) of athletes' names together satisfying a set of constraints (e.g., on the total fantasy salary of the athletes, fantasy positions, etc.) to an online site that takes a rake and pays out a subset of tickets as a function of ticket score, which depends on the athletes' performance as the slate evolves. broadly there are two (very different) contest types: a "tournament" game pays out the top ~20%, with the odds growing ~exponentially from 1:1 at the ~20th percentile line (typically first place gets a  ~1000:1 return); a "cash" game pays out the top ~50% fixed 1:1 odds. naturally, these payouts force a preference for higher-variance players (riskier positions) in "tournaments" and lower-variance players (safer positions) in "cash" games. this causes lower-mean/higher-variance distributions of ticket scores in the former and higher-mean/lower-variance distributions in the latter. using scraped contest records of % ownership of athletes in past contests, past  points data, the news leading up to the particular contest (e.g., fantasy point projections, espn buzz, etc.), and fantasy game mechanics,  i want to train models projecting fantasy owners' athlete shares. this is interesting i) because it's a model of bulk human behavior/perceived utility of choices given the news, ii) knowledge of % ownerships help one accurately project the distributions of scores in fantasy contests themselves! specifically,  if one has a "good" estimate of the covariance matrix of player fantasy points, one can collect statistics from an ensemble of monte-carlo-sampled contests, each one represented in a set of tickets giving rise to the predicted %ownerships. a basic application of the simulation would be ranking the tickets by probability of cashing, etc.

stay tuned. ...
